Add touch based web element navigation in browse mode (#19414)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* A new command, assigned to `NVDA+x`, has been introduced to repeat the last information spoken by NVDA; pressing it twice shows it in a browseable message. (#625, @CyrilleB79)
* Added an unassigned command to toggle keyboard layout. (#19211, @CyrilleB79)
* Added an unassigned Quick Navigation Command for jumping to next/previous slider in browse mode. (#17005, @hdzrvcc0X74)

> * Added touch based navigation of browse mode elements, allowing touch screen users to move between links, headings, form fields, landmarks and other structural elements supported by NVDA. (#3424, #19414, @kefaslungu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added touch based navigation of browse mode elements, allowing touch screen users to move between links, headings, form fields, lists, tables and other quick navigation elements. (#3424, @kefaslungu)
```
